I did 80% of the projects in Su Shi's company
I'm leaving today.
You have to see if Su Shi's stock will fall tomorrow
How dare you threaten me?
I will kill you
Ah!
You're tired of living
It's you again, how dare you hit me?
You've decided to raise me
Must I do something for you?
No.
Do you really think you are Mr. Shen of the Shen Group?
It's been said on the news that you're an impostor
Now get down on your knees and kowtow three times to my dad
Let you not die
Well, let's see who dies first
Comrade Hu
Notice to cancel all and Su Shi's
Don't you do things like this?
That's only Mr. Shen in the review stage, Dad
Don't be fooled by him.
It's all over the news. He's just a waiter
How could it be Mr. Shen's man?
I was deceived by this poor boy
Just don't kill
Who called?
Hey, hahaha.
The customer owner of Shen's Group?
This is the second person of the Shen Group
Give me too much face of the Su family.
Poor ghosts dare to pretend to force customers
66 sounds good
Su Dafu according to the instructions of the president
Shen's Group officially cancelled
All cooperation with the Su family?
How could this be?
What is it, doctor?
You are really the CEO Shen who scrutinizes the group
I'm doomed to run away, forget it
Hahaha